pseudo classes on pseudo-elements (#44356)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/selectors/pseudo-elements/index.md

A pseudo-element can be selected based on the current state of the originating element. For example, `p:hover::first-line` selects the first line (pseudo-element) of a paragraph when the paragraph itself is being hovered (pseudo-class).

> The specifications allow for some pseudo-elements to be selected based on the current state of the originating element, in which case the pseudo-element is represented only when it is in the corresponding state. For example, `::picker(select):hover` selects the currently hovered descendant of a customizable {{htmlelement("select")}} element, not including the first {{htmlelement("button")}} child, which is not selected by the {{cssxref("::picker()")}} pseudo-element. Note, however, that when a [selector list](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Selectors/Selector_structure#selector_list) contains an invalid selector, the entire style block is ignored, so make sure the state you're including is supported on the psuedo-element to which it is attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specifications allow some pseudo-elements to be selected based on the current state of the originating element. In these cases, the pseudo-element is selected only when it is in the same state. For example, `::picker(select):hover` selects the currently hovered descendant of a customizable {{htmlelement("select")}} element, excluding the first {{htmlelement("button")}} child, which is not selected by the {{cssxref("::picker()")}} pseudo-element. Note, however, that when a [selector list](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Selectors/Selector_structure#selector_list) contains an invalid selector, the entire style block is ignored, so make sure the state you're including is supported on the pseudo-element to which it is attached.
```
